Add RECIPES.md (#2819)
withastro/docs: RECIPES.md

# Contributing to Recipes

Our "Recipes" section in the sidebar highlights step-by-step how-to guides for accomplishing a specific task in Astro. These include established landing pages for deployment, CMS, and migration guide, as well as a [dedicated section](https://docs.astro.build/en/recipes/) for a wider range of tasks you can accomplish with Astro.

Like all contributions to our docs, take a look at the [WRITING.md](https://github.com/withastro/docs/blob/main/WRITING.md
) and [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/withastro/docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
) files for guidance on drafting your PR.

Astro docs welcomes contributions that:

- Edit an existing guide with corrected content or [new links](#add-new-links), by PRing the existing file in the docs repo.

> - Add a new CMS, Deploy or Migration guide (see below for instructions to create new pages in Docs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new CMS, Deploy or Migration guide. (See below for instructions to create the required files in Docs.)
```

- Add a new official recipe, by PRing a new page to `src/content/docs/recipes/` 
- Add a new community recipe by PRing a link to `src/content/docs/guides/recipes.mdx`

## CMS, Deploy, and Migrate

The `src/content/guides/` directory in the docs has three subdirectories for established guides:

- `cms/`
- `deploy/`
- `migrate-to-astro/`

The best way to start a new guide for these sections is to choose an existing one as an example.

These require:

> - Their own guide page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new guide page.
```
